BREAKING CHANGE: Merge beta branch (#600)
Doist/reactist: CHANGELOG.md

Reactist follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) and doesn't introduce breaking changes (API-wise) in minor or patch releases. However, the appearance of a component might change in a minor or patch release so keep an eye on redesigns and make sure your app still looks and feels like you expect it.

## v11.0.0

> -   [Feat] Box maxWidth and minWidth are now driven by configurable CSS variables.
> -   [Feat] Box width prop now supports new values (`maxContent`, `minContent`, `fitContent`, `auto`,
>     `full`, and values from `xsmall` to `xlarge`).
> -   [Breaking] Removes the `RangeInput` component
> -   [Breaking] Removes the `Tip` component
> -   [Breaking] Removes the `Icon` component
> -   [Breaking] Removes the `ErrorMessage` component
> -   [Docs] Adds a11y badges to component stories
> -   [Docs] Adds `jest-axe` package and automated a11y checks
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `CheckboxField`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Switchfield`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Loading`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Menu`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `ProgressBar`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Notification`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Modal`
> -   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Notification`
> -   [Build] Updates peer deps to include React v17.0

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but the release notes of this first non-beta release after a while should reflect all that's new with respect to the last non-beta release. So I'd say something like this:

```suggestion
-   [Feat] New approach to styling components based on CSS variables
-   [Feat] New approach to supporting rendering some components as another HTML element or as another component.
-   [Feat] New components for layout (`Box`, `Columns`, `Column`, `Inline`, `Stack`)
-   [Feat] New field components (`TextField`, `PasswordField`, `SelectField`, `CheckboxField`, `SwitchField`, `TextArea`)
-   [Feat] New tabs components (`Tabs`, `Tab`, `TabList`, `TabPanel`, `TabAwareSlot`)
-   [Feat] New components for typography (`Text`, `Heading`, `TextLink`)
-   [Feat] Various other new components (`Alert`, `Notice`, `Hidden`, `HiddenVisually`)
-   [Feat] New set of modal component (`Modal`, `ModalHeader`, `ModalBody`, `ModalFooter`, `ModalActions`) replacing the old set of `Modal.*` components.
-   [Feat] New `Button` and `ButtonLink` components, replacing the old `Button` component.
-   [Breaking] Old set of modal components are now exported as `DeprecatedModal` instead of as `Modal`.
-   [Breaking] Old `Button` component is now exported as `DeprecatedButton` instead of as `Button`.
-   [Breaking] Old `Loading` component is now exported as `DeprecatedLoading` instead of as `Loading`.
-   [Breaking] Removes the `RangeInput` component
-   [Breaking] Removes the `Tip` component
-   [Breaking] Removes the `Icon` component
-   [Breaking] Removes the `ErrorMessage` component
-   [Docs] Adds a11y badges to component stories
-   [Docs] Adds `jest-axe` package and automated a11y checks
-   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Menu`
-   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `ProgressBar`
-   [Tweak] Makes a11y improvements to `Notification`
-   [Build] Updates peer deps to include React v17.0
```
